Hahahaha
You think too much
I can't stand this simple blow
I, Chen Tianze, will not have where I am today.
It's your sister Xiaoling
If you compensate me for my loss
It's killing my mind.
I can pretend that nothing happened
The woman that Xiao Lingtian likes
There is nothing you can't get
Boy, since you don't know how to seize opportunities
Let's see how you solve these two problems
A 1 billion loss
The scandal of the hotel
It's kind of human when you think about it.
Is it Xiao Li?
Then keep your eyes open
How did I resolve this loss?
So is the loss of all employees please
A total loss of 1.01 billion
More than two dozen brothers were injured in the fire
Pay millions
polite
My personal assets are over 20 billion
There's 1.01 billion in that first card.
You go to make up for the loss of the group's deficit
The other one had a billion.
In addition to medical expenses for injured employees
And call each of them 2 million
Don't let injured employees chill their hearts
It seems that you are quite rich
But some things can't be solved with money
I have already told the family of the poisoned person.
The boss behind the dynasty is Emgrand
What do you want to pipe?